Bump version and add changelog (#421)
ably/ably-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## [1.2.1](https://github.com/ably/ably-dotnet/tree/1.2.1) (2020-06-12)
[Full Changelog](https://github.com/ably/ably-dotnet/compare/1.2.0...1.2.1)

> Fix packaging issue for .net framework, Xamarin.iOS, Xamarin.Android

Reviewer: Please can you address sentence tense as well as the correctness for referencing dot net. Perhaps:

```suggestion
Fixes packaging issue for .NET framework, Xamarin.iOS and Xamarin.Android
```

Reviewer: @marto83, I notice you've not capitalised ".NET" in [your update](https://github.com/ably/ably-dotnet/pull/421/commits/8aeebf4b896b328727f731ffb5d0af3a98c06c80). Is there a reason why not?

> Fixes packaging issue for .net framework, Xamarin.iOS and Xamarin.Android

Reviewer: Still a casing issue with `.NET`.

Author: Thanks for spotting this. I've pushed a new commit to fix the issue.
